Add CDC violations and constraints to Integtration Spec (#876)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: docs/CaliptraSSIntegrationSpecification.md

```

dmi_mux.v
```verilog
// Read mux
assign dmi_rdata = is_uncore_aperture ? dmi_uncore_rdata : dmi_core_rdata;
```

*Figure: Schematic diagram showing JTAG-originating CDC violations*

![](./images/caliptra_ss_cdc_violation_path1.png)

![](./images/caliptra_ss_cdc_violation_path2.png)

![](./images/caliptra_ss_cdc_violation_path3.png)

![](./images/caliptra_ss_cdc_violation_path4.png)

## CDC analysis conclusions
* Missing synchronizers appear to be the result of “inferred” and/or only 2-FF instantiated synchronizers.
    * dmi\_jtag\_to\_core\_sync.v contains inferred 2FF synchronizers on the control signals “dmi\_reg\_wr\_en” and “dmi\_reg\_rd\_en”.
    * 2FF synchronizer inferences are considered non-compliant and should be replaced by an explicitly instantiated synchronization module, which is intended to be substituted on a per-integrator basis.
        * cdc report scheme two\_dff -severity violation
* Multi-bit signals are effectively pseudo-static and are qualified by synchronized control qualifiers.
    * Pseudo-static: wr\_data, wr\_addr
        * cdc signal reg\_wr\_data  -module dmi\_wrapper -stable
        * cdc signal reg\_wr\_addr  -module dmi\_wrapper -stable

> * The core clock frequency must be at least twice the TCK clock frequency for the JTAG data to pass correctly through the synchronizers.

Reviewer: This seems to answer half of my above question. Can you make it clear if this applies to just the Veer cores or the other TAP EPs as well?

Reviewer 2: This might be the wrong thread? Clayton's comment here is about the TCK/Caliptra-clock frequency assumptions, not about a duplicate section.
The section that's duplicated has the heading `Analysis of missing synchronizers`

## CDC constraints
* cdc report scheme two\_dff -severity violation
* cdc signal reg\_wr\_data  -module dmi\_wrapper -stable
* cdc signal reg\_wr\_addr  -module dmi\_wrapper -stable
* cdc signal rd\_data       -module dmi\_wrapper -stable
* cdc signal reg\_wr\_data  -module css\_mcu0\_dmi\_wrapper -stable
* cdc signal reg\_wr\_addr  -module css\_mcu0\_dmi\_wrapper -stable
* cdc signal rd\_data       -module css\_mcu0\_dmi\_wrapper -stable

> ## Analysis of missing synchronizers

Reviewer: Is this a duplicate section?

Reviewer 2: I think so too - note that I pushed some changes to fix a typo and clarify language in the second occurrence of this duplicate section, but I think those changes should be applied to the first occurrence and this second one should be removed.

    - CALIPTRA_INC_ASSERT not defined by default
    - Comment out code under if condition for CDC analysis

## Analysis of missing synchronizers

> * All of the signals, whether single-bit or multi-bit, originate from the CalitpraClockDomain clock and their endpoint is the JTAG clock domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All of the signals, whether single-bit or multi-bit, originate from the CaliptraClockDomain clock and their endpoint is the RISCV JTAG clock domain in both Caliptra Core and MCU.
```

Reviewer 2: Applying fix here that was previously added to the duplicate section
